
Group 1:
-------------------------------
Lisa Bates
Michael Butkevicius   (Project Leader)
Jonathan Padilla
Siddhardha Chedella
Daniel Pataki

Project Title: BrainWave

Description: We want to make a webpage that is similar to quizlet. Users will be able to add or remove classes. Users will also be able to add or remove flashcards to that class. The first question/answer pair will be the card that appearsfirst  when you click the class. When you click the flashcard, it will show you the back with the answer. There will be arrows to move to the next card. At the bottom of the page, it will show all the question/answer pairs so you can quickly go through the information. 

Group 2:
-------------------------------
Samual King
Ahmad Mohammad
Seth Cook           (Project Leader)
Kristian Drummond
Nicholas Sharpe
Kadyn Stinnett

Project Title: Choose Your Own Adventure Game

Description:  Text-based choose-your-own-adventure game that will store game choices and have different storylines per choice. A database will store questions and choices for each branch, and at the end of the game, it will show you how others chose to do their adventure.

Group 3:
-------------------------------
Alexander Larabie
Grace Metri
Matthew Wooten
Hank Bennett
Scott Hartsell       (Project Leader)

Project Title: Paws & Claws Adoption Center

Description: We are doing an adoption center for pets.  There will be a homepage with a navigation bar and slideshow of animal images, with a search option through the SQL database.  There will be other pages describing services, a mock donation page, and links to other adoptive services/educational resources.  Lastly, account holders will be able to log in and submit new adoption records to the database.


Group 4:  
-------------------------------
Luwi Ogbaide
Sanjog Nepal       (Project Leader)
Freyja Richardson
Vivian Aboulmouna
Kennedy Bowles

Project Title: Customizable Workout Planner

Description: Create a fitness platform where users can create, share, and follow customizable workout plans. 
Use HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the Frontend, PHP for the back-end, and a machine learning library like 
TensorFlow.js to generate personalized workout recommendations.


Group 5:
-------------------------------
Jansen Long        (Project Leader)
Elijah White
Patrick Burnett
Joshua Wheaton 
Codey Newton

Project Title: Quizness (Lets get down to Quizness)

Description: Our first goal is to create a web app that hosts a survey and stores and can present the statistics on that survey. If time allows, we will create a way to add surveys to a list of possible surveys and display statistics on user created surveys.


Group 6:
-------------------------------
Jordan Treutel       (Project Leader)
Nathaniel Lathrop
Dennis Bandavong
Jason Miller
Peter Nguyen

Project Title: SurveyBuilder

Description: We plan to create a web-based tool that allows users to create and customize their own surveys. Once created, these surveys can be shared, and answers can be submitted by others. Users will be able to view a list of all of their created surveys and click them to view statistics on each one.


Group 7:
-------------------------------
Yi Zhou
Samuel Stiles      (Project Leader)
Lance Tero
Martin Weaver
Mitchell Chesne
Michael Toelle

Project Title: Web-Based Object Ordering Management System

Description: We would be making a webpage where a user can make an order a collection of Items. They can see what they have ordered in the past and we will display the most popular Item that has been ordered in real time (It will update without needing to reload the page).


Group 8:
-------------------------------
Kyle DuBray        (Project Leader)
Michael Draper
Samuel Smallman
Gwyneth Polak
Aaron Sadler

Project Ttile: Online Survey System

Desccription: A web application on which users can create surveys, take surveys created by other users, and view statistics for surveys based on responses.



Group 9:
-------------------------------
Caleb Griff
Joshua Cox
Lucas Pillaga
Brian Baharloo
Elijah Dobbins     (Project Leader)

Project Title: The Time Lords handbook

Description: Create a general monthly/weekly/daily planner using sql, php, html, css and javascript.


Group 10:
-------------------------------
Stijn Slump
Michael Raney
Zach McLean        (Project Leader)
Anthony Pierce
Johannes Moolman

Project Title: Food Management System

Description: Not Received